DOC, MAINT: Centralize and expand development-related docs (#2734)
intel/scikit-learn-intelex: doc/sources/support.rst

.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.

#######
Support
#######

We are committed to providing support and assistance to help you make the most out of Extension for Scikit-learn. 
Use the following methods if you face any challenges.

Issues
------

If you have a problem, check out the `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/uxlfoundation/scikit-learn-intelex/issues>`__ to see if the issue you want to address is already reported.
You may find users that have encountered the same bug or have similar ideas for changes or updates.

You can use issues to report a problem, make a feature request, or add comments on an existing issue.

Discussions
-----------

Visit the `GitHub Discussions <https://github.com/uxlfoundation/scikit-learn-intelex/discussions>`__ to engage with the community, ask questions, or help others. 

Forum
-----

> Ask questions about Extension for Scikit-learn on our `Forum <https://community.intel.com/t5/Intel-Distribution-for-Python/bd-p/distribution-python>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ask questions about |sklearnex| on our `Forum <https://community.intel.com/t5/Intel-Distribution-for-Python/bd-p/distribution-python>`__.
```
